[Music]
for the next 5 minutes we have five
amazing wom who are going to be brought
out onto the floor here they are current
cancer patients they have been part of a
transformational exercise in the back
room here tonight with head pieces
makeup and a total
outfit the intention is part of the
Hidden Warriors initiative which is a
global initiative based here in
Brooklyn to lift the physical and
emotional state of people suffering from
cancer and also to change the awareness
from ourside of ways to improve the use
of the word the understanding of the
word and their change in their physical
and
psychological path that they currently
move forward on so
[Music]
[Applause]
he
[Music]
[Laughter]
w he
[Music]